# The design of the design challenges

Over the next six weeks we will be exploring three sets of problems faced by refugee learners and instructors, and some specific technologies which could be used to address these problems. We structured each module as a design challenges, that let’s you move from better understanding a particular challenge, to rapidly designing and prototyping a possible technology solution. The goal is for each team to have a portfolio of demos and working prototypes at the end of the six weeks. During each challenge you will also have an opportunity to give feedback to each other, and witness the feedback that invited experts give to some of your projects. 

The three challenges we picked are not meant as an exhaustive catalogue of all the problems faced by refugee learners, or all the technologies that could be used to address them. Instead, the challenges provide a methodology that starts with an observation of the context of refugee learners, helps you to pick a particular challenge they are facing and come up with new ways of using technology to address it. It’s a framework that you will be able to use for other technology projects in the future. 

As we start working together, we thought it would be useful to set out some of the ideas that inspired us to create the online course in this particular way:

1. Expertise is local. We designed the Refugee Learning Accelerator with the assumption that refugees and host communities know something about the current situation that we--living in Cambridge, Massachusetts--can’t and don’t. We encourage you to reach out to people you know who are refugees or who work with refugees. Talk to teachers and parents. And share what you learn with this community of innovators.   
2. You are all experts. All of the people we admitted into the Refugee Learning Accelerator are talented, motivated, and have a broad range of experience. You are professors and teachers and programmers and humanitarian workers. Most of the learning that happens over the next few weeks will be within your community, by giving feedback, critique, and encouragement to each other. We are here to support that, but keep in mind that you are also experts. 
3. Innovation works best together. You may have noticed that in this online course there are no exams. There are no right or wrong answers. We are all here to try and tackle a huge challenge: using technology to improve learning opportunities for refugees. This is not a challenge that any one person or team could solve by themselves. This is an opportunity for you and your teams to try new things, and it’s ok if not everything works the first time. Look at this as an opportunity to work together with a great group of people and to support each other as part of a community of innovators. 

We hope the design challenges inspire you think carefully about how technology can solve some of the challenges of refugee learners (and which challenges may require non-technology solutions). We encourage you to consider the whole ecosystem of education, which includes institutions like schools and universities as well as people, including parents, instructors, learners and other community members. We hope you will be inspired to come up with new and surprising solutions, ranging from better ways to deliver education content into the Za’atari camp to finding ways to transport refugee learners to schools in the Beqaa Valley. 




