# Mutanafas Team 
Our concept emerged out of different ideas that we discussed as a team, which cover a broad range of topics related to refugee learning. We want to address the questions of access to education, contacts between refugee students and potential volunteers as well as NGOs, therapeutic assistance, traumatic stress disorders, mental health counseling, and sexual abuse. Broadly speaking, our conceptual approach is to envision refugee learning together with questions of mental health. We chose to develop a chatbot on abuse - a question that is highly taboo in refugee communities - in order to provide a safe space for victims to learn about physical and sexual abuse as well as peace education.

The chatbot aims at guiding victims of abuse in getting assistance and dealing with events of violence while helping them report their cases, defend themselves, and get therapeutic, social, and legal support. It consists of three parts: physical education, sexual education, and peace education. First, the AI guidance will help them understand and identify events of physical and sexual abuse. The unfolding interaction will prompt users, either students or parents, to open up while learning how to defend themselves and identify cases of abuse. Second, the chatbot will connect users to a network of health professional and social workers offering them both psychological and legal support in their country of residence. Last, the users will be given an opportunity to learn about human rights education, conflict resolution, and team building.
